---
category: 
published: true
layout: post
title: 
description: Junjie Xiong's Resume
---

Contact Information
---
- junjiexiong AT usf dot edu


Education Experience
---
- Ph.D. University of South Florida, CS (Start from 2019)
- M.S. Nanjing University of Posts and Telecommunications, CS (Graduated in 2019)
- B.S. Beijing University of Posts and Telecommunications，CS (Graduated in 2012)


Researching Experience
---
- #### University of South Florida ( From 2019.7 ~ Now)  
    Research in cybersecurity under the supervison of Dr. Yao Liu
- #### Jiangsu Key Laboratory of Big Data Security & Intelligent Processing ( 2016.9 ~ 2019.4 )  
    Research in LBSN under the supervison of Dr. Zhiqiang Zou

Publication List
---
- #### Location Heartbleeding: The Rise of Wi-Fi Spoofing Attack Via Geolocation API,
Xiao Han, Junjie Xiong, Wenbo Shen, Yao Liu, and Zhuo Lu
ACM Conference on Computer and Communications Security (CCS), Nov 2022.
- #### Warmonger: Inflicting Denial-of-Service via Serverless Functions in the Cloud ,
Junjie Xiong, Mingkui Wei, Zhuo Lu, and Yao Liu
ACM Conference on Computer and Communications Security (CCS), Nov. 2021.
- #### Smartphone Location Spoofing Attack in Wireless Networks,
Chengbin Hu, Yao Liu, Zhuo Lu, Shangqing Zhao, Xiao Han and Junjie Xiong
EAI International Conference on Security and Privacy in Communication Networks (SecureComm), Sept 2021.
- #### NUPT ST-Data Miner: An Spatio-Temporal Data Analysis and Visualization System. 
Zhiqiang Zou, Junjie Xiong, Xu He, Haihong Dai
International Conference on Information Science and Applications (ICITA), June. 2018. 


Awards
---
- Outstanding Cadre of Undergraduate Student Union in BUPT
- Outstanding Secretary General of Graduate Student Union in NJUPT

