---
category: 
published: true
layout: post
title: 
description: Junjie Xiong's Resume
---

Contact Information
---
- Name:  Junjie Xiong
- Email: junjiexiong AT usf dot edu


Education Experience
---
- Ph.D. University of South Florida, Computer Science (Start from 2019)
- M.S. Nanjing University of Posts and Telecommunications, Computer Science (Graduated in 2019)
- B.S. Beijing University of Posts and Telecommunications，Computer Science (Graduated in 2012)


Researching Experience
---
- #### University of South Florida ( From 2019.7 ~ Now)  
    Research in cybersecurity under the supervison of Dr. Yao Liu
- #### Jiangsu Key Laboratory of Big Data Security & Intelligent Processing ( 2016.9 ~ 2019.4 )  
    Research in LBSN under the supervison of Dr. Zhiqiang Zou

Publication List
---
- #### Location Heartbleeding: The Rise of Wi-Fi Spoofing Attack Via Geolocation API,
Xiao Han, <u>Junjie Xiong</u>, Wenbo Shen, Yao Liu, and Zhuo Lu
ACM Conference on Computer and Communications Security (CCS), Nov 2022.
- #### Warmonger: Inflicting Denial-of-Service via Serverless Functions in the Cloud ,
<u>Junjie Xiong</u>, Mingkui Wei, Zhuo Lu, and Yao Liu
ACM Conference on Computer and Communications Security (CCS), Nov. 2021.
- #### Smartphone Location Spoofing Attack in Wireless Networks,
Chengbin Hu, Yao Liu, Zhuo Lu, Shangqing Zhao, Xiao Han and <u>Junjie Xiong</u>
EAI International Conference on Security and Privacy in Communication Networks (SecureComm), Sept 2021.
- #### NUPT ST-Data Miner: An Spatio-Temporal Data Analysis and Visualization System. 
Zhiqiang Zou, <u>Junjie Xiong</u>, Xu He, Haihong Dai
International Conference on Information Science and Applications (ICITA), June. 2018. 


Awards
---
- Outstanding Cadre of Undergraduate Student Union in BUPT
- Outstanding Secretary General of Graduate Student Union in NJUPT

